h3. Changelog

h4. 1.7.1

* Fix bug "#18":https://github.com/tuupola/jquery_lazyload/pull/18. Document was always scrolled to top issue on IE 7 and Chrome 17 if using jQuery 1.6 or older. ("Ross Allen":https://github.com/ssorallen)
* General code speedup ("Valentin Zwick":https://github.com/vzwick)

h4. 1.7.0

* Optimized viewport selectors. Around 25% "speed increase":http://jsperf.com/lazyload-1-7-0 compared to "1.6.0":http://jsperf.com/lazyload-1-6-0.
* Add _data_attribute_ parameter. Allows custom naming of original data attribute. ("Bryan Chow":https://github.com/bryanchow)
* Track window resize event. ("Simon Baynes":https://github.com/baynezy)
* Add _appear_ event. This function is called when image appears to viewport but before it is loaded.
* Add _load_ event. This function is called when image is loaded. ("Nick Larson":https://github.com/ifightcrime)
* Renamed _effectspeed_ parameter to _effect_speed_. Old version will still works couple of versions. This parameter was previously undocumented.
* Fix _failure_limit_ bug "#19":https://github.com/tuupola/jquery_lazyload/issues/19.  ("Brandon":https://github.com/Brandon0)

h4. 1.6.0

* Rename original attribute to data-original to be HTML5 friendly.
* Remove all code regarding placeholder and automatically removing src attribute. It does not work with modern browsers. Must use data-original attribute instead.
* Add support for James Padolseys "scrollstop event":http://james.padolsey.com/javascript/special-scroll-events-for-jquery/. Use when you have hundreds of images.
* Add _skip_invisible_ parameter. When true plugin will skip invisible images. ("Valentin Zwick":https://github.com/vzwick)
* Renamed _failurelimit_ parameter to _failure_limit_. Old version will still work couple of versions.

h4. 1.5.0

* Support for removing the src attribute already in HTML. This is not a drop in solution but gives additional speed for those who need it. (Jeremy Pollock)

h4. 1.4.0

* When scrolling down quickly do not load the images above the top. (Bart Bruil)

h4. 1.3.2

* Support for scrolling within a container.
* Fixed IE not loading images. 